Update PageSteps syntax for refresh page and title assert (#3748)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/partials/plugin-web-app-steps.adoc

When I go to relative URL `/products/new`
----

> === Web page steps

Reviewer: - I don't see the point to have one more section, just rename the above section to have all steps interacting with pages in a single section
- it's web app plugin, so it's obvious that pages are web - in other words "web" word is redundant

Author: Changed

> ==== Refresh page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Refresh the page
```

> Refreshes the page. Browser reloads current page which is the same action as one caused by pressing F5 on the keyboard.

Reviewer: F5 doesn't work on all platforms, please, describe in other way

Author: changed

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I refresh page

Reviewer: please add deprecated syntax as well

----

> ==== Verify page title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Validate the page title
```

> Checks that the page's *title* matches to *text* according to the provided string validation rule

Reviewer: page's -> page

Author: changed

> Checks that the page's *title* matches to *text* according to the provided string validation rule

Reviewer: also we don't use bold in the step descriptions

Author: removed

[source,gherkin]
----

> Then page title $comparisonRule `$text`

Reviewer: please add deprecated syntax as well

Author: added

----

- List of comparison rules: `is equal to`, `contains`, `does not contain`

> - `text` The text of the title to compare

Reviewer: ? please checks examples of the step input arguments in this doc

Author: Changed

> .Verify 'https://docs.vividus.dev/' page title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Validate 'https://docs.vividus.dev/' page title
```

[source,gherkin]
----
Then page title is equal to `What is VIVIDUS :: VIVIDUS`
----

> .Assert part of 'https://docs.vividus.dev/' page title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Validate the part of 'https://docs.vividus.dev/' page title
```

When I go to relative URL `/products/new`
----

==== Refresh the page

> Refreshes the page. Browser reloads current page which is the same action as one caused by pressing:
> 
> - `F5` for most browsers
> - `Ctrl + R` for Windows
> - `Command + R` for Mac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refreshes the page: the step does the same as the reload button in the browser.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
When I refresh page
----

[WARNING]
====

> This syntax is deprecated and will be removed

Reviewer: please follow the same template as for other steps

Author: changed according to examples from generic-ui-steps.adoc

[source,gherkin]
----
When I refresh the page
----
====

==== Validate the page title

> Checks that the page title matches to text according to the provided string validation rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks the page title matches to the text according to the provided string validation rule.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
Then page title $comparisonRule `$text`
----

[WARNING]
====

> This syntax is deprecated and will be removed

Reviewer: please follow the same template as for other steps

Author: changed according to examples from generic-ui-steps.adoc
